Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
People. help me. please!
Somebody help me. please!
-People. help me. please!
-What's going on?
Bring some water.
Bring him over.
-Bring him over.
-I don't know what happened.
Lay him down.
Get an ambulance. Let me see.
Give him some water.
Some water. quick!
-What happened to him?
-Move over.
-I was hurt.
-What is it? Let me see.
Anybody who moves gets
a bullet in the head! Back off!
Back off!
-What did I do?
-Quiet!
-Quiet.
You wanted to smuggle in
nerve gas through Aqaba
and explosives through Syria.
I see you know everything.
So what do you want from me?
Someone's fixing us a big "shabang"
and we don't know who.
Neither do I.
Listen. I know you're worried too.
not just me.
Want one?
I don't smoke.
Why not?
Look.
with the treatment
she's getting.
Nadia could live for two years
maximum in total misery and then--
In our society.
someone of your status
would've gotten his daughter a kidney
transplant in Hadassah long ago.
but in your society. the Authority
gives preference to its people
and your children are at the
bottom of the priority list.
You could save her life.
your daughter could live well
like her friends do.
like she deserves.
I'm doing everything
in my power.
Ali. I've got five children.
may God keep them safe.
I promise you that if one of them
were in Nadia's condition.
I'd jump through hoops for him.
Nothing would stop me.
Ali. who's behind
the nerve gas story in Aqaba?
I'd kill everyone on this earth
for my daughter.
I'd give up my life for her.
no questions asked.
You. sir. all you need to do is
give me one name.
One name. Ali.
And we'll take care of your kid.
-Abu Ahmad.
-Who?
Abu Ahmad. Taufiq Hammed.
You're making fun of me.
This won't end well.
I swear to you.
-The Panther.
-The Panther is dead. We killed him.
SILWAD VILLAGE
NORTH OF RAMALLAH
-Congrats. groom.
-Thanks. take care.
-Shut up and you'll be fine.
-Let me go!
-I'm getting married tomorrow!
-Get in!
Let me out!
Please. help me.
I have to get out of here.
I didn't do anything.
Taufiq?
Wow. it's been 18 months
since someone called me Taufiq.
I've missed you guys.
I've missed you.
I can't believe my little brother
Bashir is getting married.
Stop crying.
Stop. or your eyes
will swell up.
Will you be at the wedding?
I'm a Shahid (martyr).
Shahids don't go to weddings.
But the Jews have stopped
looking for you.
Right. and I don't want them
to start all over again.
Take this. Brother.
It's a gift for you and Amal.
I couldn't.
Take it. don't let me down.
Groom.
Taufiq. you must see Amal.
she's so pretty.
-Good morning.
-Hey. handsome!
-My dear.
-How are you?
-Fine.
Our main man.
so good to see you.
-How are you. buddy?
-What's up?
-I'm fine. and you?
-Alive and well.
Make it shorter
so it doesn't drag along the floor.
Hold on. I'll be right back.
What are you doing here?
Did anyone see you come in?
Of course not. They're all busy
getting groomed and pretty.
I can't wait for this mess
to be over!
Now it's just you and me here.
You're crazy.
wait for tonight.
You're a better person
than me.
Of course.
a million times better.
What's this?
-A wedding present.
-From whom?
Bashir. I don't take money
without knowing whom it's from.
I know whom it's from.
Don't you trust me?
We'll build a house with this money
and raise lots of kids.
No. no. no.
Wait for tonight. crazy girl.
-Peace be upon you.
Congratulations. groom.
-Congratulations.
-Thanks.
DAUD'S KNAFEH PASTRIES
Welcome. dear guests.
We're here on this joyous occasion
that celebrates happiness and love.
but I'd like to just mention
my younger brother.
Abu Taufiq. may he rest in peace.
Bashir's father.
and Abu Ahmad.
Taufiq Mustafa Hammed.
the brave Panther and
Shahid (martyr). Bashir's brother.
who I wish
was with us today.
With us. however. is Nassrin.
Abu Ahmad's brave wife.
Let us say the "Fatiha"
to pray for their souls.
"Fatiha".
-May God have mercy on us all.
When I see you. Bashir.
and you. Amal.
I say to myself.
this is the best revenge.
Despite all that the occupation
has done to us.
we still bear children.
We're successful. we raise families.
have children and prosper.
-Here you go. Abu Khalil.
-Thank you.
May God have mercy on us all.
We'd like to thank brother Abu Khalil
for coming specially from Amman.
And now. dear guests.
it's time to celebrate.
May God bring joy to you all.
Let's sing and dance.
Do you think
he'll show up?
I don't know.
You know I'm against it.
Why should he show up now?
He wants to see you.
don't you realize that?
But why now of all times?
Just to put himself in danger?
Now's not the time to discuss this.
It's Bashir's wedding. Let's go.
-Peace be upon you.
-Upon you be peace.
-Are you from
"Daud's Knafeh Pastries"? -Yes.
I'm Samir and this is Najib.
We'll take care of your wedding.
God willing. I hope so.
-What took you so long? -We got
held up a bit at the checkpoint.
Good thing you're here.
because leaving the Hammed family
with no sweets is a crime.
Go on. start serving.
Lower the flame.
-He's in the area. he should be here.
-How do you know?
His wife told me.
Don't worry.
Thank you very much.
-What is it?
-The guy from "Daud's Knafeh Pastries".
He called to apologize that his guys
are held up at the checkpoint.
What? But they're here.
Tell them to call him
and calm him down. Call him.
They suspect us.
We have a problem.
What is it?
They're looking at us.
They must be on to us.
Let's go.
-Give me a minute.
-No. we have to go now!
Guys. please help us
move a table outside.
Sorry. we're in a big rush.
we have another event to get to.
You arrived late and now you won't
help? Don't make the guests work.
-Sorry. we're in a rush.
-Just five minutes.
Come with us.
Just five minutes. Come.
Please.
-Not a word.
-What did we do?
Not a word!
Answer only when spoken to.
We spoke to your boss.
We asked
where his workers are.
the ones who got help up
at the checkpoint.
-And?
-He said he sent two workers.
one with green eyes
and black hair with gel.
and the other is dark and fat.
We changed the staff last minute.
Abu Eyad wasn't at the bakery then.
I'm not buying this bullshit.
Sir. I'm really sorry
about the misunderstanding.
Please call him again.
Tell him they sent
Samir and Najib over instead.
Call him.
It's busy.
Sir--
Step back!
You want to kill me?
I have a family to provide for.
The checkpoint held us back.
We have another wedding
to get to.
-I beg you. talk to him.
-Dial.
Still busy.
Sir. I'd hate to keep
the other family waiting.
If our boss hears we got there late
and that we upset you as well--
-Alright.
-Alright?
-Thank you.
Fauda. fauda (Chaos)!
Steve. get to the meeting point!
Move back!
Bashir!
Amal!
Bashir! Bashir!
Bashir!
Get out of here!
Let me through!
Stay with me.
He's here. he's here.
He's here. I just know he is.
-Come on.
-He's here.
Enough. come on.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm